Counsel for the petitioner
 
M. Michael Bharathi (Ms. 683of 1984)
 Government Law of College, Madurai-1980 to 1984 
8, Law Chamber, High Court Bench, Madurai
Res. 13, Munisif Court South Street, Sathur - 626 203
Cell No. 9443150562


Srivilliputhur

2	3	3	

2.	The impuged judgement is in complete perversity as the Learned Trial Judge has miserably failed to consider the following material discrepancies casting reasonable and serious doubts ad inherent improbabilities over the prosecution case brought on record in the cross examination of P.W. 1, the mother of the Victim; P.W. 2, the Victim; P.W.7, Observation Mahazat Witness; P.W. 9, Doctor who examined the Victim; P.W. 10, Officer who registered FIR and P.W. 12, Investicating Officer.

3.	The Learnd Special Judge gas held in Paras 23 and 26 of the impugned judgement in a summary fashion without having any discussion on the material discrepancies surfaced in the cross examination of the star witnesses, P. Ws. 1,2,7,9,10 and 12 as afore tabulated and erroneously held that the prosecution has proved its case.

4.	The conspicuous absence of any discussion and non- consideration of the following material discrepancies and grave suspicious circumstances surrounded in the evidence of the P.W.1, the mother of the Victim, P.W.2, Victim in lodging of Ex. P- 1, complaint and as to the suppression of the First Investigation done by the Virudhunagar East P.S. before registration of the FIR would tend to prove the total non-application of mind by the Learned Trial Judge.

a)	The suppression of lodging of written complaint before Virudhunagar East before registration of FIR and the enquiry by Virudhunagar East P.S. on accused and his employees as deposed by P.W. 1 and 2

b)	The suppression of medical examination done on Victim by a Private Medical practitioner, Dr. Suguna on reference by Virudhunagar East P.S. even prior to registration of the FIR as deposed by P.W. 1 and 2.

c)	The suppression of arrest of accused even prior to registration of the FIR and his detention at AWPS, Virudhunagar throughout night as deposed by P.W.1

c)	The suppression of arrest of accused even prior to registration of the FIR and his detention at AWPS, Virudhunagar throughout night as deposed by P.W.1

d)	
The aforesaid material discrepancies create a reasonable suspicion overr the prosecution case which the Learned Trial Judge deplorably failed to note and discuss in the impugned judgement.


5.	The maternal grandmother who only reported to her daughter, P.W.1 above the slumberous of the Victim P.W.2 without taking any food and only on her information the Victim was enquired and sexual assault alleged to have been inflicted on the Victim by the accused was come to be known material witness

6.	Absolutely no evidence to attract the offence punishable under section 342 of IPC is available in the evidence of the Victim, P.W.2 which the Learned Trail Judge miserably failed to note and erroneously convicted the accused.

7.	As per the prosecution case, the accused was arrested on 25-12-2020 at 6 a.m. whereas the evidence of P.W. 1 and 2 proves that the accused was brought toVirudhunagar East P.S. by the police on 24-12-2020 at 5 p.m. and he was sent to AWPS, Virudhunagar and detained thereon throughout night. As such the arrest of the Accused as projected by the prosecution has been falsified and creates a grave suspicion over the prosecution case which the Learned Trial Judge conveniently failed to consider and discuss the same in the impugned judgement.


8.	When the accused was alleged to have been arrested by the police only on 25- 12-2020 at 6 a.m., the evidence of P.W.7, the witness for preparation of Observation Mahazar (Ex.P-6) and Rough Sketch (Ex. P-12) is in contra that when the Observation Mahazar and Rough Sketch was prepared at 11 p.m. on 24-12-2020, the accused opened the hotel and showed the same to Police and also signed in the Observation Mahazar. The prosecution also did not all clarify the material and significance inconsistency by way of re-examination. Such a material inconsistency cuts root of the prosecution case which the Learned Trial Judge failed to consider.

9.	Admittedly it's a case of solitary evidence hinges wholly on evidence of the Victime, P.W.2 without any corroboration even from any circumstances and in such a case the Learned Trial Judge ought to have applied the dictum and principles laid down by the Hon’ble Apex Court in appreciation of the evidence of the child witnesses which were relied on by the defense. Permanently, even though the Learned Trial Judge listed the judgements relied on by the defense in para 10 of the impugned judgement, the Learned Trail Judge did not at all whisper anything about the relevancy or irrelevancy of those Judgements in the impugned judgement

The Learned Trail Judge failed to consider the inherent improbabilities and unbelievable Ness in the evidence of the Victim, P.W.2 that she was subjected to penetrative sexual assault as defined under section 3 (a) of the POCSO Act when she was admittedly not attained puberty without any suffering or pain or injury over her vagina.

The Learned Trial Judge failed to note that no penetration taken place into private part of the victim as per Medical evidence and oral testimony of the Victim, P.W.2 and such evidence in the absence of evidence for penetrative sex, at the most the charge and could be only for the aggravated sexual punishable under section 10 of the POCSO Act.

The Learned Trial Judge has miserably failed to note and consider the material discrepancies found in the evidence of the Victim, P.W.2 and the same is very much evident in para 15 of the impugned judgement wherein the material discrepancies were not at all referred do.

The Learned Trial Jude landed his judgment on misconception of the facts which is evident in Paras 21to 23 and he has focused his judgment only on the issue whether medical evidence will supersede ocular evidence which is not at all a defense of the accused.

The Learned Trial Judge without considering the material suspicious brought on record over the prosecution case and has summarily held in Para 23 of the impugned judgment that the evidence of the Victim, P.W.2 was sufficient to bring home the accused for gravamen of the charge.

15.	The Learned Trial Judge has accepted that to prove the charge of the penetrative sexual assault, the penetration of male organ into the female organ is necessary and it is sufficient that the penetration may be to slightest extent. But the Learned Trial Judge failed to note that the Victim, P.W.2 has not at all whispered anything about the penetration or insertion of male organ of the accused into her female organ and what she has deposed is that the accused placed and pressed his male organ over her female organ which would not amount to penetration as defined under section 3 (a) of the POCSO Act. The Judgment of the Hon’ble Division bench of this Hon’ble court referred to was not at all considered by the Learned Trial Judge.

16.	The Learned Judge ought to have considered and appreciated the evidence of the Child Victim, P.W.2 in the light of the dictum of the Hon’ble Apex Court consistently held time and again in plethora of cases that the rule of prudence is that the evidence of child witness requires corroboration when the same does noy inspire the confidence of the court. In the case under appeal, in view of the afore indicated suspicious circumstances, the solitary evidence of the Child Victim require corroboration which the Learned Trial Judge failed to consider.
17.	The Learned Trial Judge failed to consider that the Doctor, P.W.9 failed to follow and comply with the Guidelines and Examination Proforma for Medico Legal Cases of victims of Sexual Violence drawn up by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare which was adopted by the Government of Tamil Nadu by G.O.(MS) No. 201 dated 11-7-2014 for examination of the Victim and the medical opinion was given in a very casual manner in Accident Register Form.
18.	The Learned Tral Judge failed to consider the following grave suspicious, defects and illegalities found in the investigation which were brought on record in the cross examination of the P.W.12, the Investigating Officer
	a) The answer 'Don't remember’ to crucial questions tells upon her irresponsibleness and creates suspicion.
Material witness, employees of accused Hotel were not examined.

No scientific investigation as to possibility of penetrative sexual assault in the absence of pain or suffering or injury on the child victim who did not attained puberty.

No requested to follow the Government guidelines for Medical examination of Victim.

e)	Material witness, Mother of P.W.1 was not examined.

f)	Examination of Victim under section 161 (3) not video graphed.

19.	The investigation is perfunctory, defective, trained, partisan and not above the board is very much reflected in the evidence of the P.W.12, the Investigating Officer which the Learned Trial Judge miserably flunked to note that the investigation of the case is not only the case is not only perfunctory but also defective and illegal and vitiated the prosecution case to such an extend as to warrant acquittal of the accused.

20.	Which due respect, it is submitted that the impugned order of conviction is in perfunctory manner without even noticing much less, considering and discussing the evidence led by the prosecution and the arguments raised by the defense. The Learned Trial Judge has not at all considered the facts elucidated in the cross examination of P.Ws. 1,2,7,9 and 12 which cut root of the prosecution case. As such the Impugned judgment of conviction does not comply with the requirement of the statutory provisions as laid down in Section 354 (1) (b) of Cr.P.C. The impugned judgment of conviction is unreasonable and has resulted in miscarriage of judge and so liable to be set aside.


21.	The impugned judgement of conviction lacks any discussion and reasoning on overall on overall evidence of the witness and exhibits and on the other hand, the same is based only the basis of final report submitted by thee investigating agency and the evidence stated by the witnesses in examination in chief and as such the impugned judgment is perverse and liable to be set aside.


22.	The Learned Trial Judge ought to have rejected the prosecution case and acquitted the accused extending the benefit of reasonable doubts.


23.	The Learned Trial Judge totally prejudicated over the prosecution case and failed to marshal the evidence in proper perspective and has very much the evidence in proper perspective and has very much relied on the evidence of the Victim,P.W.2 on the sole ground that no motive between the Victim and the accused has been proved for false implication of the accused.

24.	Pertinently none of the 12 judgments referred to and relied on by the defense     to disprove the prosecution case was not as all considered by the Learned Trial Judge  even though those 12 judgments were referred to in Para10 of the Impugned Judgment and no where in the impugned judgment the Learned Trial Judge has observed whether those judgment are relevant or irrelevant or applicable or in inapplicable,


25.	The Learned Trail Judge has convicted the appellant only on assumption and presumption and not on evidence.
26.	The petitioner has no bad antecedent and previous conviction for any offence.


4	I submit that I have been in incarceration for more than 5 months since 24-1- 2023. Since I have a fair chance to succeed in an appeal, my further incarceration till the disposal of the appeal would cause irresparable injury and prejudice to me. Further I submit that I had been in bail throughout the trial.

5	

Solemnly affirmed and the contents of this affidavit have been read out and	Petitioner explained in Tamil to the deponent on this day of July, 2023 at Central	Before me Prison in Madurai and signed in my presence.

Jailor, Central Prison

Madurai





